C++ allows a dynamic declaration of the variables.
Let us understand what is the benefit of allowing dynamic Declaration.
see We know how memory looks like, memory will be divided into three sections and used
by the program.
This is the place where the program itself resides.
Suppose it's a main function,  the machine code will be lying here. and here
Inside the stack the memory for the variables will be created during the execution of a program.
Let's see I have a main function here.
If I am declaring some variables ABC of type Integer suppose integer take 2 bytes, then 2 bytes for
A is given inside the stack then 2 bytes for B are given and 2 bytes for C is given.
So this total block of memory I'll just put a bar here to show that this memory belongs to
main function.
So this is called as activation code of Main function since occupy total six bytes of
memory.
Now suppose you have some conditional statements and inside this if you need a variable M that instead
of declaring a variable m here itself if you declare it here that it will occupy the memory here just
beside this one inside the stack but instead of declaring here if you go out on the inside if a statement
that is inside this block after this if you don't need it then instead declaring there I will declare
it here.
So what happens once it enters into this conditional statement it will allocate the memory for M and
once the block ends this memory is gone and suppose here again you have one more if statement
If a statement then inside this again you need one variable that is X that is temporarily inside this
block then again two bytes of memories.
Same memories is located and utilized for another variable X and that X will be there in the memory
as long as this if is executing.
So that is the benefit the activation code of this main function will be growing and shrinking
as you go on dynamically Declaration the variables and they go out  of the scope, once this block ends
this M is gone from the memory.
So this one side memory can be used again and again by different variables whereas in C language all
the variables must be declared only in the beginning and whether you are using them toward the program
or not it doesn't matter.
So some of the variable may not be useful for the program but they will occupy the memory space so that was the
drawback of C programming but in C++ you can declare whenever you require.
now one interesting thing I will show you see sometimes we need some variable let us say k and to this
we will assign some expression the result and we have the condition based on this k is less
than something, let us say A  suppose we have to write down the statement like this.
Now this k is only useful for if but I should be declare it before then assigning some result of an
expression.
So I have to declare it outside.
Once I declare outside it is there through out the main function.
I want this scope of this variable also limited to this block.
I want this to be removed from the memory once this if ends.
So how we can do this.
I can write the same thing like this integer k assigned some expression then K less than A. I can declare
the variable here also inside the block.
This is the new future allowed in C++ that is in C++ 17 version 17.
This is allowed even inside the conditional state when you can declare half declaration and followed
by that you can have the condition so the life of this k vartiable  will be only limited to this block once the
a block ends.
This will be removed from the memory if suppose it is declared here then it will go away once the block ends.
Now one more thing that is found very common in C++ programs is that inside the for loop if you required a
counter then be declared the counter.
Here it self, i less than some 10 I plus plus, we write declaration of this i here only and thus I will
remain in the memory through out this for.
Once you come out of the for and you tried to display this i it is undefined variable.
So this is the common thing found.  so it is preferred to better utilize the memory so you can write
down efficient piece of code using C++ so we can efficiently utilise the memory in C++ with the help of
dynamic declarations.